README.md, before:

# ncl-christmas-cards

## 04/12/22
Jacob ~ 1h - Refactored grid layout, added favicon to site, added animation to navbar, removed black part from navbar.

## 28/11/22
Jack ~1h - Added a way to download the images. Documentation and code is at the bottom of 'index.html'. Added selected font.


Isaac ~1hr - added grid for card displays, started styling (basic borders etc)


Meidas ~1.5hrs - Added top navbar, added logo, fixed a couple of bugs with navbar


## 29/11/22
Jack ~30m - Condensed repeating code. Added an about.html page. Added variables for the colours.


## 30/11/22
Jack ~1h 15m - Added media queires. Added CSS. Added test images as well as test pdfs. Added/changed variables. Put it all on the page so we can see what it would look like.

## 01/12/22
Meidas ~1.5hrs - Changed some colours, Updated the navbar, updated links

Isaac ~30m - Started work on about page

## 03/12/22
Isaac ~1hr - Finished about page, apart from colours but I'll just put whatever goes on the home page on there.

## 07/12/22
Meidas ~1.5hrs - Made extra pages, changed styling, centered the bottom nav bar, changed some code to reduce code line count, bug fixing

## 08/12/2022
Meidas ~1hr - fixing all download buttons

## 09/12/2022
Meidas 5mins - Styling changes for navbars

Isaac ~1hr - Updated pages with top and bottom navigation bars, removing uneccessary navigation.

Commit message:

Changed stying for background and added animated snowflakes.

README.md, after:

# ncl-christmas-cards

## 04/12/22
Jacob ~1h - Refactored grid layout, added favicon to site, added animation to navbar, removed black part from navbar.

## 28/11/22
Jack ~1h - Added a way to download the images. Documentation and code is at the bottom of 'index.html'. Added selected font.

Isaac ~1hr - added grid for card displays, started styling (basic borders etc)

Meidas ~1.5hrs - Added top navbar, added logo, fixed a couple of bugs with navbar

## 29/11/22
Jack ~30m - Condensed repeating code. Added an about.html page. Added variables for the colours.

## 30/11/22
Jack ~1h 15m - Added media queires. Added CSS. Added test images as well as test pdfs. Added/changed variables. Put it all on the page so we can see what it would look like.

## 01/12/22
Meidas ~1.5hrs - Changed some colours, Updated the navbar, updated links

Isaac ~30m - Started work on about page

## 03/12/22
Isaac ~1hr - Finished about page, apart from colours but I'll just put whatever goes on the home page on there.

## 07/12/22
Meidas ~1.5hrs - Made extra pages, changed styling, centered the bottom nav bar, changed some code to reduce code line count, bug fixing

## 08/12/22
Meidas ~1hr - fixing all download buttons

## 09/12/22
Meidas 5mins - Styling changes for navbars

Isaac ~1hr - Updated pages with top and bottom navigation bars, removing uneccessary navigation.

Jack ~1hr - Changed the background to a gradient and added animated snowflakes.

## 12/12/22
Jack ~1h - Added a Christmas Scene Silhouette to the bottom of the page.
